BY USING OUR SERVICE, YOU AGREE TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS BELOW NOTE THAT THESE TERMS ARE NOT FIXED AND ARE SUBJECT TO CHANGE AT ANY TIME.
Refunds & Disputes
Once payments have been acquired by flare-hosting they cannot be refunded until the end of the billing cycle. By using our services, you agree to a strict non-refund policy. You agree that you will not reverse or chargeback with the payment gateway after a transaction has been completed and authorised. You comply that if FlareHosting receives any formal notification of a reversal or payment dispute, you agree that FlareHosting may pursue all lawful orders to obtain the payment.
Cancellation
If you wish to cancel a service with us, you are liable to notify us before the next billing cycle starts. We will not refund any payments which are set to automatic renewal. If you are thinking of leaving FlareHosting and the services we provide you are to let us know beforehand to avoid any occurring charges.
Registration
When signing up as a client at FlareHosting you agree to take full responsibility of the account. Any misuse of our services will result in a suspension or removal of your account from our services. When signing up to our website, you agree that you understand all our terms and conditions. You also agree that the provided information is correct and updated. Using misleading & inappropriate names will result in suspension of the account.
Breach of Terms & Services
If FlareHosting believes that you have committed misconduct, then we have rights to cancel and suspend services you acquire from us. If you believe that your account has been breached and notice any suspicious activity on your account please notify us as soon as possible. FlareHosting will not be liable for any loss of data.
Payments
It is your responsibility to ensure that payments are up to date. You agree that unless you notify FlareHosting for cancellations of auto-renewal services, we cannot provide you a refund for any payments made automatically. It is your duty to let us know beforehand so we cancel it before the next billing cycle commences.
Termination
FlareHosting has the right to terminate any services that you purchase from us if we believe that you are a threat to our systems and services. We may terminate access to our services without prior notice in the even that you are overdue in payments or you violate our terms and services.
Downtimes
If without notice our uptime of our servers falls under 99.8% as per our guarantee we will provide refunds, or credits onto your account if we believe that it’s necessary. However, if the downtime is done under your access we will not provide refunds for these cases.
Changes of prices
Without prior notice, FlareHosting reserves the rights to price-match, make price adjustments to services its provides at any given time. However, we will notify you any changes that we may make. Any recurring discounts or coupon codes which are used at the time of the sales proceedings excludes this term.
